README.md, before:

# Telos - *The Highly Customisable Bullet Journal Web App*

## Abstract
Bullet journals are the blank canvas to organise your life! Record your thoughts, ideas and goals.

- The advantage of the paper bullet journal is how flexible it is.
- The advantage of the online bullet journal is the tracking and notifications.

On the left-hand-side, there is a habit tracker where you fill in a square each time you do that habit.

In the middle, there are some normal bullets for days of the week.

On the right-hand-side, there is an Emacs org-mode with bullets, checklists, priorities and text-folding. Of course this is not the only digital bullet-journal option, there are a couple others: Notion, Memento, Kanban boards like Trello etc.

## Readme
- Frontend: *https://github.com/UOA-SE701-Group3-2021/3Lancers/blob/main/telos-frontend/README.md*
- Backend: *https://github.com/UOA-SE701-Group3-2021/3Lancers/blob/main/telos-backend/README.md*

## *Developers*
***3Lancers***, Software Engineering 701 Group3, The University of Auckland

## *Licence*
[![](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/agplv3-with-text-162x68.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html)

Commit message:

Added instructions to README for how to run entire application with all features working (#216)
* Added instructions in root README to run entire application

* Added note in frontend README with link to backend README

README.md, after:

# Telos - *The Highly Customisable Bullet Journal Web App*

## Abstract
Bullet journals are the blank canvas to organise your life! Record your thoughts, ideas and goals.

- The advantage of the paper bullet journal is how flexible it is.
- The advantage of the online bullet journal is the tracking and notifications.

On the left-hand-side, there is a habit tracker where you fill in a square each time you do that habit.

In the middle, there are some normal bullets for days of the week.

On the right-hand-side, there is an Emacs org-mode with bullets, checklists, priorities and text-folding. Of course this is not the only digital bullet-journal option, there are a couple others: Notion, Memento, Kanban boards like Trello etc.

## Getting Started
To run all features of the application, start the frontend, backend, and MongoDB instances by following the readmes below.

## Readme
- [Frontend Readme](https://github.com/UOA-SE701-Group3-2021/3Lancers/blob/main/telos-frontend/README.md)
- [Backend Readme](https://github.com/UOA-SE701-Group3-2021/3Lancers/blob/main/telos-backend/README.md)
- MongoDB [Installation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-windows/#procedure) and [Running](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-windows/#run-mongodb-from-cmd) Instructions (also linked in the Backend Readme)

## *Developers*
***3Lancers***, Software Engineering 701 Group3, The University of Auckland

## *Licence*
[![](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/agplv3-with-text-162x68.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html)
