telos-frontend/README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

# Prerequisites
- You have already forked the repository and cloned your fork to your local machine. More information [here](https://gist.github.com/Chaser324/ce0505fbed06b947d962)
- You have the following installed:
    - [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
    - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    - [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html)
    - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

# Getting Started

1. Open the command prompt and set the working directory as the `3Lancers` directory of your cloned repository. (`cd path/to/3Lancers`)
2. Run `npm ci` to install all the required dependencies
3. Run `npm run lint` to check for any problems in the code
4. Run `npm start` to launch the application. Close the application with ctrl+c in the command prompt when finished.
5. **For all features to be functional, the backend and MongoDB instances must also be started. Instructions can be found in the [Backend Readme](https://github.com/UOA-SE701-Group3-2021/3Lancers/blob/main/telos-backend/README.md).**

# Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:
## `npm ci`
Installs required dependencies to run the project
## `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## `npm run lint`
Runs ESLint to find and fix problems in the code

## `npm test`
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about running tests for more information.

## `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the build folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes. If necessary, classnames and function names can be enabled for profiling purposes. See the production build section for more information.

Your app is ready to be deployed! See the section about deployment for more information about deploying your application to popular hosting providers.

## `npm run eject`
Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you eject, you can’t go back!

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can eject at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc.) into your project as dependencies in package.json. Technically, the distinction between dependencies and development dependencies is pretty arbitrary for front-end apps that produce static bundles.

In addition, it used to cause problems with some hosting platforms that didn't install development dependencies (and thus weren't able to build the project on the server or test it right before deployment). You are free to rearrange your dependencies in package.json as you see fit.

All of the commands except eject will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use eject. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

# Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

Add installation instructions of MongoDB for non-windows OS & Fix mistakes in frontend README instructions (#235)
* Fix habit views

* Add a unique key for each child in a list and add code comments

Co-authored-by: lhsunyc <ysun499@aucklanduni.ac.nz>
Signed-off-by: Siwei Yang <syan553@aucklanduni.ac.nz>

* Refactoring code and merge duplicated CSS

Co-authored-by: lhsunyc <ysun499@aucklanduni.ac.nz>
Signed-off-by: Siwei Yang <syan553@aucklanduni.ac.nz>

* Add mssing line at EOF to HabitTracker.module.css

Co-authored-by: lhsunyc <ysun499@aucklanduni.ac.nz>
Signed-off-by: Siwei Yang <syan553@aucklanduni.ac.nz>

* Add installation instructions of MongoDB 

Add installation instructions of MongoDB for non-windows OS


Signed-off-by: Siwei Yang <syan553@aucklanduni.ac.nz>

* Fix mistakes in frontend README instructions

- Working directory changes to telos-frontend
- Removal of npm run lint from instructions


Co-authored-by: ysway <yswysc@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: ysway <yswysc@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Siwei Yang <syan553@aucklanduni.ac.nz>

Co-authored-by: lhsunyc <ysun499@aucklanduni.ac.nz>

telos-frontend/README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

# Prerequisites
- You have already forked the repository and cloned your fork to your local machine. More information [here](https://gist.github.com/Chaser324/ce0505fbed06b947d962)
- You have the following installed:
    - [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
    - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    - [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html)
    - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

# Getting Started

1. Open the command prompt and set the working directory as the `telos-frontend` directory under your cloned repository folder `3lancers`. (`cd 3lancers/telos-frontend`)
2. Run `npm ci` to install all the required dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to launch the application. Close the application with ctrl+c in the command prompt when finished.
4. **For all features to be functional, the backend and MongoDB instances must also be started. Instructions can be found in the [Backend Readme](https://github.com/UOA-SE701-Group3-2021/3Lancers/blob/main/telos-backend/README.md).**

# Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:
## `npm ci`
Installs required dependencies to run the project
## `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## `npm run lint`
Runs ESLint to find and fix problems in the code

## `npm test`
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about running tests for more information.

## `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the build folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes. If necessary, classnames and function names can be enabled for profiling purposes. See the production build section for more information.

Your app is ready to be deployed! See the section about deployment for more information about deploying your application to popular hosting providers.

## `npm run eject`
Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you eject, you can’t go back!

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can eject at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc.) into your project as dependencies in package.json. Technically, the distinction between dependencies and development dependencies is pretty arbitrary for front-end apps that produce static bundles.

In addition, it used to cause problems with some hosting platforms that didn't install development dependencies (and thus weren't able to build the project on the server or test it right before deployment). You are free to rearrange your dependencies in package.json as you see fit.

All of the commands except eject will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use eject. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

# Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
